sdk/js/packages/client/README.md, before:

# Microsoft AI Chat Protocol SDK

The Microsoft AI Chat Protocol is a library for easily building AI Chat interfaces.

*Note: we are currently in public preview. Your feedback is greatly appreciated as we get ready to be generally available!*

With the AI Chat Protocol, you will be able to:

* Develop client-facing AI chat interfaces, components, and applications in JavaScript/TypeScript (more languages to follow!)
* Consume LLM-powered deployed inference backends and middle tiers with ease, either synchronously or by streaming
* Easily incorporate HTTP middleware for logging, authentication, and more.

The AI Chat Protocol SDK is designed to easily consume AI backends that conform to the [AI Chat Protocol API](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/ai-chat-app-protocol) without any additional code. By agreeing on a standard API contract, server-side code becomes modular and the AI backend consumption process remains the same on the client-side.

## Getting Started

Our getting started guides are coming soon!

To take a look locally, install the library via npm:

```bash
npm install @microsoft/ai-chat-protocol
```

Commit message:

update readme with samples directory link

sdk/js/packages/client/README.md, after:

# Microsoft AI Chat Protocol SDK

The Microsoft AI Chat Protocol is a library for easily building AI Chat interfaces.

*Note: we are currently in public preview. Your feedback is greatly appreciated as we get ready to be generally available!*

With the AI Chat Protocol, you will be able to:

* Develop client-facing AI chat interfaces, components, and applications in JavaScript/TypeScript (more languages to follow!)
* Consume LLM-powered deployed inference backends and middle tiers with ease, either synchronously or by streaming
* Easily incorporate HTTP middleware for logging, authentication, and more.

The AI Chat Protocol SDK is designed to easily consume AI backends that conform to the [AI Chat Protocol API](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/ai-chat-app-protocol) without any additional code. By agreeing on a standard API contract, server-side code becomes modular and the AI backend consumption process remains the same on the client-side.

## Getting Started

Our getting started guides are coming soon! For now, you can check out the [samples](/sdk/js/samples) directory.

To take a look locally, install the library via npm:

```bash
npm install @microsoft/ai-chat-protocol
```
