README.md, before:

# Project

> This repo has been populated by an initial template to help get you started. Please
> make sure to update the content to build a great experience for community-building.

As the maintainer of this project, please make a few updates:

- Improving this README.MD file to provide a great experience
- Updating SUPPORT.MD with content about this project's support experience
- Understanding the security reporting process in SECURITY.MD
- Remove this section from the README

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Trademarks

This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft 
trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow 
[Microsoft's Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general).
Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship.
Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party's policies.

Commit message:

First README update (#19)
* README updates and general markdown organization

---------

Co-authored-by: Rohit Ganguly <rohitganguly@microsoft.com>

README.md, after:

# Microsoft AI Chat Protocol SDK

The Microsoft AI Chat Protocol is a library for easily building AI Chat interfaces.

*Note: we are currently in public preview. Your feedback is greatly appreciated as we get ready to be generally available!*

With the AI Chat Protocol, you will be able to:

* Develop AI chat interfaces, components, and applications in JavaScript/TypeScript (more languages to follow!)
* Consume LLM-powered backends and middle tiers with ease, either synchronously or by streaming
* Easily incorporate HTTP middleware for logging, authentication, and more.

**Please star the repo to show your support for this project!**

The AI Chat Protocol SDK is designed to easily consume AI backends that conform to the [AI Chat Protocol API](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/ai-chat-app-protocol) without any additional code. By agreeing on a standard API contract, server-side code becomes modular and the AI backend consumption process remains the same on the client-side.

## Getting Started

To get started with the AI Chat Protocol, check out our getting started guide (coming soon once we are published on npm).

## Code of Conduct

This project has adopted the
[Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the
[Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/)
or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com)
with any additional questions or comments.

## License

Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the [MIT](LICENSE) license.
