sdk/dotnet/TODO.md, before:

# List of work items

## SDK

- Should I implement the [NoThrow](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.clientmodel.primitives.clienterrorbehaviors?view=azure-dotnet-preview) option of RequestOptions ?
- Should I use the serialization/deserialization provided with System.ClientModel?
  (see https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/863cec65455e1f54fa9d3131c779d1f1c6072174/sdk/core/System.ClientModel/README.md) - Add unit-tests to test invalid JSON parsing
- Add support for JSON-ND streaming
- Use class names that are different than AOAI SDK
- Change name space (to Microsoft.AI.Chat instead of Microsoft.AI.ChatProtocol?)
- Do we need the Arguments.cs class?
- Expose HTTP request/response details via APIs. Should I expose HttpResponseMessage to the caller? When I updated the test app to get chatCompletion.Response.RequestMessage?.Content?.ReadAsStringAsync().Result I got an exception saying the Content was already disposed. Should I just expose response status code, response headers and raw JSON as separate properties?
- Why can't I send a full JSON string as the "context" (see commented out lines in test TestGetChatCompletion

## Unit testing

- Test parsing invalid JSON (null/missing JSON element). Validate the correct exception is thrown.
- Test parsing empty JSON lines in the response (we should silently skip them)

## Functional (end-to-end) testing

- Test overriding default User-Agent header
- Test with CancellationToken
- Test that on service-originated-error, an exception is thrown and the error message contains HTTP status code and message from service
- Test service-originated-error mid way during response streaming (see [here](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/ai-chat-app-protocol?tab=readme-ov-file#error-response-1))

## Sample code

- See TODOs in code

## Ref docs

- Script to convert XML to HTML using docfx

- ## NuGet package

Commit message:

First round of streaming implementation

sdk/dotnet/TODO.md, after:

# List of work items

## Contacts

- For anything related to .NET System.ClientModel (SCM) contact Anne Loomis Thompson.

## SDK

- Should we support requestOptions.ErrorOptions == ClientErrorBehaviors.NoThrow? (see [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.clientmodel.primitives.clienterrorbehaviors?view=azure-dotnet-preview)). Does that mean the operator method never throws, or does it mean it does not throw if the HTTP response code is not 2xx?
- Should I use the serialization/deserialization provided with System.ClientModel?
  (see https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/863cec65455e1f54fa9d3131c779d1f1c6072174/sdk/core/System.ClientModel/README.md).
- Support `session_state` and `context` fields. Update tests.
- Use class names that are different than AOAI SDK
- Change name space (to Microsoft.AI.Chat instead of Microsoft.AI.ChatProtocol?)
- Do we need the Arguments.cs class?
- How do I expose HTTP request details via APIs? (this is easily done in Java). Should I expose HttpResponseMessage to the caller? When I updated the test app to get chatCompletion.Response.RequestMessage?.Content?.ReadAsStringAsync().Result I got an exception saying the Content was already disposed. Should I just expose response status code, response headers and raw JSON as separate properties?

## Unit testing

- Test parsing invalid JSON (null/missing JSON element). Validate the correct exception is thrown.
- Test parsing empty JSON lines in the response (we should silently skip them)

## Functional (end-to-end) testing

- Test overriding default User-Agent header
- Test with CancellationToken
- Test that on service-originated-error, an exception is thrown and the error message contains HTTP status code and message from service
- Test service-originated-error mid way during response streaming (see [here](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/ai-chat-app-protocol?tab=readme-ov-file#error-response-1))

## Sample code


## Ref docs

- Script to convert XML to HTML using docfx

- ## NuGet package
